ticdc: add example of how to show bdr role (#16695)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The default value is the same as the default SQL mode of TiDB.
# sql-mode = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"

> # The default value is false, which means that BDR (Bi-Directional Replication) mode is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The default value is false, which means that Bi-Directional Replication (BDR) mode is disabled.
```

# The default value is the same as the default SQL mode of TiDB.
# sql-mode = "ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY,STRICT_TRANS_TABLES,NO_ZERO_IN_DATE,NO_ZERO_DATE,ERROR_FOR_DIVISION_BY_ZERO,NO_AUTO_CREATE_USER,NO_ENGINE_SUBSTITUTION"

# The default value is false, which means that BDR (Bi-Directional Replication) mode is not enabled.

> # If you want to use TiCDC to build a BDR cluster, set this parameter to true, and enable BDR mode on the TiDB cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
